hello friends and welcome back to
another episode of tumbler deep dive
today we are looking into the trad wife
tag which has been suggested to me a lot
lately which is why I decided to check
up on that tag again I actually looked
into it to do a video on it potentially
probably like at least a year ago and I
didn't find nearly enough content to be
able to make a video about it so part of
the intrigue of this to me is why has
such a like my voice sounds like me a
second I suddenly have this very deep
sultry voice but I'm actually just sick
so ignore that but what I was saying is
that part of the intrigue of this tag to
me is why has it seemingly blown up as
of late to the point that there's way
more content in this tag than there was
last time I looked at it somewhere
between a year and two years ago and why
have I been I've also been getting so
many and on top of that I've been
getting way more messages to look into
it so I'm gonna do that now it's pretty
funny from what I skimmed last night so
let's just jump into it but first I have
to tell you about this week's sponsor
the one and only audible audible is the
leading provider of audiobooks and
spoken word entertainment every month
that you remember audible gives you one
credit which means one free audiobook
from their massive selection as well as
two free audible originals I'm an
English major which means I have to read
so many novels for school and audible
audiobooks that I get from audible have
saved me so so many times because it's
just so convenient I can get my readings
done anywhere anytime I can read well in
grocery shopping I can read while I'm
cooking dinner
I can read at the last minute when I'm
walking to class and if you're reading
for fun instead of for school I also
highly recommend to his dark materials
series if you liked me and you wanted to
read the book before watching the new
HBO show so you can be that person it's
on audible so go to audible.com slash
strange Aeons or text strange Aeons -
500 500 to start listening today and now
back to me there's a related trad femme
tag so I think we will look at that
after um the first post which led me
down quite a rabbit hole that I would
lead you down in a moment the first post
that I saw last night um was I think a
maybe you guys shouldn't be
quote-unquote reclaiming the Nazi tried
wife and drawing her making out with
girls like this isn't just from one of
those other girls vs. me things from
some sixteen year old it's a Nazi trad
wife
by Nazis so I believe what they're
talking about is this particular image
I'm not sure exactly where it originates
I read some of the know you're being
paged last night but that's not the
point of this video so yeah it's kind of
like um I wanted to do a video about the
but not like other girls things as well
but a lot of people draw those you've
probably seen something like this around
the internet so people are kind of doing
the same thing here with these two
characters so yeah the Internet is just
being it's lovely self also wait why is
that PewDiePie I'm so confused
the liberated quote unquote feminist
wears tons of makeup because of low self
esteem damaged hair from dying got a
crappy flower tattoo when she was
seventeen uses fake tanner so dark she
looks Mexican sleeps around to improve
her self-esteem but it only makes her
feel worse I hope you don't get so much
worse I've never met anyone like this in
my life the trad wife I feel like I am
probably going to know this person
simply because I went to a very
religious school with some people who
are married by now and that terrifies me
loves her natural face and only wears
light makeup naturally hair with
highlights from the Sun oh my god this
is just that not like other girls thing
in disguise goddamn also you just you
just know this was this was absolutely
made by men knowledge about her European
roots yep
we are gonna not unpack that one anyway
back to tumblr where we are safe excuse
me English isn't my first language
what is a trad Wife it typically means a
traditional housewife who strongly
believes in enforcing the gender norm of
women being housekeepers or whatever but
in the online sphere traditionalism is
usually just boiled down to being racist
in catholic this tag is pretty mixed
between people making fun of this and
people who are in it there's also just a
lot of like aesthetic posts of women in
long skirts what is a traditional wife a
woman that follows traditional gender
roles to serve and honor God her husband
and her family she is kind graceful
unafraid of embracing her womanhood and
unequivocally feminine but what if I'm a
dumbass who trips over every curb am i
automatically excluded from this
subculture of being a Heligan
traditional wife probably she
understands the importance of her role
as a wife mother
lover and homemaker and raises her
children with the knowledge that strong
families build strong nations things we
are not going to unpack right now this
post says hold yourself to the same
standards you hold your spouse to you
expect them to be patient be patient
yourself and it's tag like tried wife
tried fam traditional femininity which
like I have no beef with that that post
I guess sure cool anyone else ever
follow a seemingly cute tried life
cottage core homesteading blog only to
cringe and hit the unfollow button when
you're scrolling through your - and see
someone reblog vitriolic anti-choice
post about how evil abortion is I
haven't done a deep dive on like the
cottage core farm core kind of stuff I
think I've I've touched on me the
aesthetic tag kind of phenomenon on
tumblr but like cottage core farm core
traditional homesteading are all like
kind of it's like a popular aesthetic
community on tumblr so there's a lot of
overlap between that and the kind of
aesthetic posts that these traditional
wives would reblog happiness is baking
cakes for my husband from scratch I mean
that's pretty wholesome that's a cute
cake see the cute pastel blog with
flower arrangements gardening seasonal
decorating bakery and cleaning inspo
seized by Oh something like TRADD wife
homemaker living for him Timothy 2:12
married syrup I five years to the love
of my life women are made for the home
to love and honor thy husband yeah you
married the man you respect I don't
think I did but go off I guess now
respect the man you married okay a
little introduction hello all I'm Lana a
30-something woman who enjoys a
traditional male led marriage I am
subserved I am a subservient wife and
mother and home schooler and I follow a
non-traditional religion does I mean
you're in a cult
I am a bleeding-heart progressive
liberal what they need for real justice
but the cool thing about feminism is
that I can choose to be a trad way okay
and she's basically just like everyone
is valid I will not tolerate racism on
my blog looking at this stuff it's like
yes the phrase male led marriage induces
a bit of a need to vomit in me
but I cannot I don't have too much beef
as long as you're not a dick about it
happy is the wife who learned the art of
praising her husband in public why in
public I'm so confused
diary today I started my diet I need to
lose 20 pounds to get my ideal weight
and look cute to my man and I want my
hair growing long soon he's loving my
natural hair wavy light brown and he
wants to see waist length long way to go
but I'm doing it for him oh my god no oh
my god no it's real I need to click on
this blog afterwards to make sure this
isn't an absolute parody but you know
like the like white hippy mom baby names
everyone just you've seen it I know
you've seen it but this post is like a
it's like a screenshot of a notes at
Archer Steel Forest River Arrow Hunter
Fox talent it's like it a little cursive
felt like baby names oh they're real
they're real okay this is one of those
deep dives where I'm probably going to
make some effort to hide the URLs I'm
aware that hiding URLs only does so much
because anyone can look up this tag so
with that in mind I also just want to
say very clearly to you don't go talk
with any of these people honestly this
it doesn't seem that bad so far maybe
I'm gonna come up with come across and
like super gross post-its so far it's
just it's just it's just it's just for
lack of a better word because we know
cringe culture is dead in this house for
lack of a better word it's just kind of
cringe II so far I follow tried tags and
there inspo pictures are cottage core
cute and lovely but they're aisle RL
home Pixar like sad tacky McMansions
ladies don't settle for a man who lacks
architectural taste if you're in that
50s housewife let's go atomic or go MCM
if you're a yield fair maiden find a
forest or farm and don't decorate like
HGTV and some multi-level marketing
scheme bread if you're a modern trad
please embrace brick colonial I love
that all of the genuinely toxic
discourse has moved over to Twitter and
now we're just left with this Twitter a
hundred percent no fills the role but
2014 tumblr did of like this horrible
cesspit of discourse like this is it
this is all that's left on tumblr is
people ranting about brick Colonia
hey what tags can I look up to find
inspiration for relationships from a
Christian view probably the ones you
used on this post to be honest I don't
know are there any responses no not
really
this is not an actual post it's a
screenshot that someone reposted with
the caption this course and the trad
wife fandom but it's could you just
leave the trad community it's very
uncomfortable to see your satanic stuff
the trad community is for good Christian
folk oh my god it's so hard to tell if
some of this stuff a satire like how is
that not a joke um no question mark the
tribe community is about living a
traditional life whether it be
traditional values how you dress living
a certain living to certain gender roles
etc the trad community is what you make
it so that kind of that definition of
like the trad community kind of seems to
include just like the live in a cottage
and forage in the woods traditional
aesthetic kind of stuff rather than just
I listen to my husband and bake pies you
know do I walk and sit gracefully Oh God
I can first I can immediately tell you
the answer is note for me
tumblr makes it hard to zoom in and I
can't see because the part is tiny so
please excuse me while I just like shove
my face in my computer to walk
gracefully do glide smoothly hold head
high remain vertical from hips up swing
out from hips smoothly keep why is it so
complicated to walk point feet in a
straight line to sit down smoothly do
touch knees to back of chair lower
yourself keeping erect sit down slide
back into place I think okay 25 ways to
be charming make an effort to remember
names practice good etiquette listen
honestly when other people speak sit up
straight walk with confidence and your
head held high smile at others a lot of
these things I'm just like you know what
if that's the aesthetic you like and
that's your kind of idea of like self
care like that's fine with me it's just
it feels like really insidious things
are lurking right below the surface of
this kind of stuff you know appreciates
for European heritage and all all that
so I'm just so like on edge you know
like I feel like it's coming
like it's gonna jump out at me advice to
follow track vamps there are a bad man
that will prey on you in this community
they think that because you like
traditional gender roles or aspire to be
a stay-at-home mother that you will be
easy to push around and manipulate I
like this vlog so far this this blog has
a lot of like genuinely good advice and
I would I would hope that it could help
some people in this community where I
imagine there would be a lot of toxic
stuff going on to hopefully stay a
little bit safer oh god I spoke too soon
I'd rather be viewed as weak to the
world because I'm submissive to my
husband then be weak in the Lord oh
that's right the Lord I forgot about the
Lord for a second there if there was
gonna be a video where I feel like Satan
is trying to crawl out of my throat it
would be this one I feel like it's
fitting for this one it stated in my
Bible but I will say it again because
I've got an influx of followers the past
few days if you're a king slash fetish
slash porn blog do not follow or
interact with me I will report your blog
and block you I do not support King
slash fetish or pornography I think it's
disgusting degenerative pedophilic and
should be outlawed
why are you wrong - okay I was about to
say like why are you on tumblr but then
I was like maybe that's why this has
blown up a little more in the last
little while I've ever since the the
not-safe-for-work ban I don't know I
really do not know I would love if
somebody has followed this more closely
than I have because all I know is that
there was a small Tron wife community I
looked at the tag somewhere between a
year and two years ago it was dead like
there was nothing I know I knew that
that community existed in larger numbers
on like other platforms and around the
internet and it was there but it's a
tumblr deep dive series so I wasn't
gonna do a video about it but now
they're all here they are there they're
here they've arrived tribe wife tag on
Instagram is almost enough to convert me
into full lesbianism lol imagine being a
brainless submissive slave to a piece of
[__] man for the rest of your life LMAO
no thanks I'd rather be a pansexual
feminist [__]
do you even have a husband you [__] no
punctuation just there it is how dare
you you call yourself a Christian woman
in your bio you should be ashamed of
yourself my husband Jeremiah is my whole
life he is a godly man of my dreams and
he guides my decisions when I would be
weak on my own because that's his job as
the man of the house and my job is to
serve Him
listen Tim because those are the rules
God set up for us I love him so much and
you have no right say such things to me
but I am a godly woman and Jesus says we
ought to forgive sinners such as
yourself so that's what I'll do
surprisingly I can't remember the last
time I got any quote/unquote non hater
please send me some so that I can
respond and Jesus says we ought to
forgive sinners such as yourself so
that's what I'll do TRADD wife spongebob
is a blog that exists it's only got like
four posts but I feel like it's uh it's
a good one no hate there I just want to
see jams and cute animals what the [__]
you are in 2020 you're not a 50s
housewife sweetheart and it's a
screenshot of this post
that's captioned back from church and
I'm gonna bake some gingerbread and it's
tags cottage core track that warm core
farm core traditional style traditional
family long hair blonde hair flowers
flower core vintage apron 1950s
housewife housewife vengeance style
vintage atomic housewife home making me
so it seems like there's there's some
minor beef between like the traditional
femininity community and that like
cottage core farm core community because
there's an overlap of their aesthetics
so they meet in the same tags a lot of
the time and they like I saw a post that
was just like every one of these tags is
just about the traditional aesthetic but
for me it's about the Lord
traditionalism should be about this
helping children separated by their
families at the border making a home
life achievable and enjoyable for
everyone prioritizing a healthy family
with healthy dynamics embracing cultures
and traditions in a modern lens
providing food and resources to families
less fortunate than you not limiting
women's health limiting education for
women white nationalism Islamophobia
anti-semitism racism I'm sure that's
true
for some of the women who've made posts
that I've read that day who bred love
corps baking warm core oh god I need to
know I need to know what's in love core
do you like mushrooms reblog for 10
years of good vibes okay I literally
can't handle the wholesomeness of this
tag anyway
give her commands not requests when you
give her an instruction don't be overly
polite don't say would you please hand
me that book see in your girl's mind
those are decisions to be made would I
please could I would I mind decisions
like these complicate her world within
the last thing she needs is more
applications in her life I'm so oh god I
will puke I will peak right now on my
computer oh god all the comments are
supportive what the [__] what the [__]
oh my god that's really poofy cat it
looks like bread um lots of like just
baking an aesthetic post seemed to
really be the foundation of this
community three years ago I had a
boyfriend my own age who I met at church
when I was six and had been friends with
ever since and a relationship with since
I was 14 his parents are good Christian
people and I thought I loved him not
long before we parted ways he spent a
few months trying to pressure me into
having sex with him I was young and
hormonal and I'm sad to say I did want
to but he almost broke my resolve until
one day my brother overheard and tried
to convince me as he often did and threw
him out of the house and forbade me to
see him again
I was pretty mad at my brother at the
time but quickly came to realize he'd
saved me from breaking my chastity vow
to God and predict protected me like a
big brother should I'm so glad I held on
to my resolve and saved myself for my
wonderful husband you have that
juxtaposed with like cute little
heart-shaped strawberries minor whiplash
right now and then follow his rules oh
this one's for the thumbnail my dudes do
whatever he tells you I think he needs
to tell you to stop using so many fonts
at once have faith in your husband as he
always has your best interests at heart
I don't know Oh God biblical womanhood
not biblical womanhood again also there
is I'm on this actual blog and not just
like a little tumblr view they showed
you on the blog um I was trying to see
like when a lot of these were started so
I was creeping on some people's archives
but these these are recent blogs but
yeah I found this post called biblical
womanhood which just sent me astral
projecting back to a girl to find theirs
yeah all of this is very girl to find
energy tumblr is so weird it's so
conducive to communities and starting
these weird subcultures that like guys
guys can you please just bring the porn
back so it's not communities like this
you know I shouldn't okay maybe that's
harsh
most it most of them are harmless so I
think that's about it I think that's my
adventure into the tragg wife tag very
strange times we are living in but don't
say any of these people hate there's
some bad ones but there's also
some pretty harmless ones who just want
to live their lives and it's sometimes
hard to tell so don't just go
indiscriminately spewing hate at these
people please do not also I'm always
open to tumblr deep dive suggestions so
send them send them to me on tumblr send
them to me on Instagram so did you meet
wherever you would like to send them to
me because I would not have known that
this tag was going to be so spicy if you
guys had not messaged me about it
constantly so thank you so much and
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you in another video next week
[Music]